Update team-meetings.md (#1712)
raft-tech/TANF-app: docs/How-We-Work/team-meetings.md

## Recurring Meetings 

### Standup
- **Goal:** To help align the team and share progress, stay accountable, and resolve potential dependencies and blockers quickly.
- **Attendees:** Core team 
- **Facilitator:** Raft PM/Scrum Master
- **When:** Daily 12pm-12:15pm EST and asynchronously on Thursdays and every other Tuesday when the team has sprint ceremonies

> - **Format:** Each team member gives an brief and intentional update to answer these questions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Format:** Each team member gives a brief and intentional update to answer these questions 
```

  - Facilitator shares their screen and pulls up the tickets for each team member in the current sprint. 
  - *What did you do since the last standup that advances the sprint goals?* 
  - *What are you doing today that advances the sprint goals?*
  - *Are you being held up by any inner-team dependencies i.e. Reviews, Tabletops, Pairings?* 
  - *Are you encountering any blockers?*
  - Use the time directly after Standup to meet with a targetted group of poeple to resolve any issues that came up duirng the meeting
  - If you can’t make Standup in real-time, please post a short async update to the [OFA TDP General Mattermost Channel](https://mattermost.goraft.tech/goraft/channels/guest-ofa-tdp-general)
  

### Backlog Refinement 
- **Goal:** To triage, refine and prioritize issues in preparation for sprint planning, release scheduling and roadmap adjustment.
- **Attendees:** OFA PO, OFA Tech Lead, Raft PM, Raft Tech Lead, UX Team
- **Facilitator:** Raft PM/Scrum Master
- **When:** Every Tuesday on non-sprint planning weeks 11:00am-12:00pm EST / Every Tuesday on sprint planning weeks 3:00pm-4:00pm EST

> - **Format:** The product owner and raft product manager will collaborate with the leads to review the backlog and prioritize issues in support of the next release and make sure items are ready for the upcoming Sprint Planning session. By the end of the session, there will be a common understating of the upcoming priorities and acceptance criteria of refined issues. The refined set of issues should be sent to the sprint board before Sprint Planning. If there are outstanding questions on a particular issue they will be noted within the unrefined issue and remain in the backlog. The agenda and notes can be found in the [Product Notebook](https://hhsgov.sharepoint.com/sites/TANFDataPortalOFA/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc={cbce2e75-17b2-4e70-b422-60d034fcd4af}&action=edit&wd=target%28Product.one%7Ccfbcc7fb-4b00-4c43-9e29-70bdedd83b98%2FBacklog%20Refinement%7C4ef1b64b-327d-4628-823a-0d1fc5fce6ea%2F%29) within the TDP OneNote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Format:** The product owner and raft product manager will collaborate with the leads to review the backlog and prioritize issues in support of the next release and make sure items are ready for the upcoming Sprint Planning session. By the end of the session, there will be a common understanding of the upcoming priorities and acceptance criteria of refined issues. The refined set of issues should be sent to the sprint board before Sprint Planning. If there are outstanding questions on a particular issue they will be noted within the unrefined issue and remain in the backlog. The agenda and notes can be found in the [Product Notebook](https://hhsgov.sharepoint.com/sites/TANFDataPortalOFA/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc={cbce2e75-17b2-4e70-b422-60d034fcd4af}&action=edit&wd=target%28Product.one%7Ccfbcc7fb-4b00-4c43-9e29-70bdedd83b98%2FBacklog%20Refinement%7C4ef1b64b-327d-4628-823a-0d1fc5fce6ea%2F%29) within the TDP OneNote.
```

 
 ### Sprint Review 
- **Goal:** To review the work that was completed in the last two weeks and identify work that will roll over into the next sprint cycle. 
- **Attendees:** Core team 
- **Facilitator:** Raft PM/Scrum Master
- **When:** Every other Tuesday 10:00am-12pm EST (combined with Internal Demo, Retro and Sprint Planning) 

> - **Format:** The team will start by reviewing/updating the Sprint Board. We will discuss closed/merged tickets and work in progress tickets to assess thier status for the upcoming sprint. Key metrics such as velocity will also be analyzed. By the end of the meeting the team will have a clear undersatnding of what tickets will continue to be worked in the next sprint what finished products will be demoed to the team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Format:** The team will start by reviewing/updating the Sprint Board. We will discuss closed/merged tickets and work in progress tickets to assess their status for the upcoming sprint. Key metrics such as velocity will also be analyzed. By the end of the meeting, the team will have a clear understanding of which tickets will continue to be worked in the next sprint and which finished products will be demoed to the team.
```

### Internal Demo  
- **Goal:** To demo completed tickets to the team and decide what should be demoed at the larger Sprint Demo later in the day. 
- **Attendees:** Core team
- **Facilitator:** Raft PM/Scrum Master
- **When:**  Every other Tuesday 10:00am-12pm EST (combined with Sprint Review, Retro and Sprint Planning)

> - **Format:** The team will start by demoing completed work that was identified during sprint review. By the end of the meeting, we will have an apprecition of the work that was completed in the last two weeks. The team should decide what is ready to be demoed (and label it as “demo”), who will conduct the demo/s, and if special guests should be invited to attend the larger demo event later in the day. All demoed issues must be merged first. Facilitator will take note of what issues will be demoed and who will be presenting for each issue. OFA Product Owner and OFA Tech Lead will sign off on Raft's recommendation of issues to be demoed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Format:** The team will start by demoing completed work that was identified during sprint review. By the end of the meeting, we will have an appreciation of the work that was completed in the last two weeks. The team should decide what is ready to be demoed (and label it as “demo”), who will conduct the demo/s, and if special guests should be invited to attend the larger demo event later in the day. All demoed issues must be merged first. Facilitator will take note of what issues will be demoed and who will be presenting for each issue. OFA Product Owner and OFA Tech Lead will sign off on Raft's recommendation of issues to be demoed.
```

- **When:** Every other Tuesday 10:00am-12pm EST (combined with Sprint Review, Internal Demo and Sprint Planning) 
- **Format:** The team will work in a Mural board to discuss
  - *What should we start doing?* 
  - *What should we stop doing?* 
  - *What should we continue doing?*
  - *Call out and discuss "stumbles/homeruns"*
  - *Shoutouts and appreciation to the team*
  - *Action items from last retro - did we follow through with our commitments?*
  - Whoever facilitates the retro is responsible for documenting commitments in GH issues or Team Charter as appropriate. Mural board links can be found [here](https://hhsgov.sharepoint.com/sites/TANFDataPortalOFA/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc={cbce2e75-17b2-4e70-b422-60d034fcd4af}&action=edit&wd=target%28General.one%7C76fa641e-4d01-436b-a079-42ae19270071%2FGeneral%20Links%7C38eda373-ae66-41ed-9d2d-e7b010d5b312%2F%29)
 
### Sprint Planning 
- **Goal:** To define, assign, and point the work we’re committing to complete in the next sprint cycle 
- **Attendees:** Core team 
- **Facilitator:** Raft PM/Scrum Master
- **When:** Every other Tuesday 10:00am-12pm EST (combined with Sprint Review, Internal Demo, and Retro) 

> - **Format:** Product owner and raft product manager should come prepared with refined priority issues for the team to plan into the sprint. TFor better planning, the team will calculate their capacity and point the requested tickets before they pull the work the sprint. At the end of the meeting the team should have a clear understanding and feel comfortable about completing the new work and rollover work they commited to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Format:** Product owner and raft product manager should come prepared with refined priority issues for the team to plan into the sprint. For better planning, the team will calculate their capacity and point the requested tickets before they pull the work into the sprint. At the end of the meeting the team should have a clear understanding and feel comfortable about completing the new work and rollover work they committed to.
```

### Sprint Demo 
- **Goal:** To showcase the work completed in the sprint and demo new features to other stakeholders. The Sprint Demo is a more formal version of the internl demo. The issues that are demoed have received product owner’s approval in the internal demo. 
- **Attendees**: Core team, TANF Data team (Thomas, Yun, Kathleen), and other stakeholders by invitation.  
- **Facilitator:** Raft PM/Scrum Master

> - **When:** Every other Tuesday 1:15pm-1:45pm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **When:** Every other Tuesday 2:00pm-2:30pm EST, as needed
```

> - **Format:** This meeting is a formal version of internal demo with an emphasis on demonstrating work to stakeholders outside the product team. This demo should emphasize completed work that has a direct impact to the end user, it should not be a status of the work that has been done. The product owner or her designee will demo new work and features to the attendees. How attendees give feedback on the demo needs to be determined. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Format:** This meeting is a formal version of internal demo with an emphasis on demonstrating work to stakeholders outside the product team. This demo should emphasize completed work that has a direct impact to the end user, it should not be a status of the work that has been done. The author of the feature will demo new work and features to the attendees. How attendees give feedback on the demo needs to be determined. 
```

### Product Sync
* **Goal:** A weekly sync between Raft and OFA Product Management to discuss project roadmap, progress, and other team issues
* **Attendees:** Raft PM/Scrum Master, OFA PO, OFA Tech Lead
* **Facilitator:** Raft PM/Scrum Master
* **When:** Every Friday 11am-12pm ET
* **Format:** The agenda can be found in the [Product Notebook](https://hhsgov.sharepoint.com/sites/TANFDataPortalOFA/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc={cbce2e75-17b2-4e70-b422-60d034fcd4af}&action=edit&wd=target%28Product.one%7Ccfbcc7fb-4b00-4c43-9e29-70bdedd83b98%2FProduct%20Sync%7Cdcf2afc2-a4f6-475c-a62f-af447a19c6dd%2F%29) within the TDP OneNote. Notes and action items are kept here as well. All attendees are invited to add to the agenda prior to the meeting. Raft and OFA Product Team use this time as a weekly discussion and debrief. 

### Cross-Functional Product Sync
* **Goal:** A biweekly sync between Raft, OFA Product Management, tech leads, and UX lead to discuss project roadmap, progress, and other team issues
* **Attendees:** OFA PO, OFA Tech Lead, Raft PM/Scrum Master, Raft Tech Lead, Raft UX lead
* **Facilitator:** Raft PM/Scrum Master
* **When:** Every other Friday 10am-11am ET

> * **Format:** The agenda can be found in the [Product Notebook](https://hhsgov.sharepoint.com/sites/TANFDataPortalOFA/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc={cbce2e75-17b2-4e70-b422-60d034fcd4af}&action=edit&wd=target%28Product.one%7Ccfbcc7fb-4b00-4c43-9e29-70bdedd83b98%2FCross%20Product%20Sync%7Cec320778-42b6-43dc-af81-72494962f7bb%2F%29) within the TDP OneNote. Notes and action items are kept here as well. All attendees are invited to add to the agenda prior to the meeting. Raft and OFA Product Team use this time as a weekly discussion and debrief. Participants discuss the status and updates to the roadmap, releases, high priority items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Format:** The agenda can be found in the [Product Notebook](https://hhsgov.sharepoint.com/sites/TANFDataPortalOFA/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc={cbce2e75-17b2-4e70-b422-60d034fcd4af}&action=edit&wd=target%28Product.one%7Ccfbcc7fb-4b00-4c43-9e29-70bdedd83b98%2FCross%20Product%20Sync%7Cec320778-42b6-43dc-af81-72494962f7bb%2F%29) within the TDP OneNote. Notes and action items are kept here as well. All attendees are invited to add to the agenda prior to the meeting. Raft and OFA Product Team use this time as a biweekly discussion and debrief. Participants discuss the status and updates to the roadmap, releases, high priority items.
```
